add doc for recover-cmd (#262)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/simulate-process-chaos-in-physical-nodes.md

  chaosd attack process kill [flags]

Flags:
  -h, --help                 help for kill
  -p, --process string       The process name or the process ID

>   -r, --recover-cmd string   The command to be executed when recovering experiment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -r, --recover-cmd string   The command to be run when recovering experiment
```

Reviewer: 可以与 70 行保持一致

  -s, --signal int           The signal number to send (default 9)

Global Flags:
      --log-level string   the log level of chaosd. The value can be 'debug', 'info', 'warn' and 'error'
      --uid string         the experiment ID
```

#### Configuration description for killing a process

| Configuration item | Abbreviation | Description | Value |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `process` | p | The name or the identifier of the process to be injected faults | string; the default value is `""`. |

> | `recover-cmd` | The command to be run when recovering experiment | string; the default value is `""`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `recover-cmd`` | r |The command to be run when recovering experiment | string; the default value is `""`. |
```

> | `recover-cmd` | The command will be executed when recovering experiment | string; the default value is `""`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `recover-cmd` | r | The command to be run when recovering experiment | string; the default value is `""`. |
```
